datapath: Remove !CONNTRACK (v2) (#18551)
cilium-team/cilium: Documentation/operations/upgrade.rst

  routing. It must be set whenever running in direct routing mode with IPv6
  masquerading enabled.

Removed Options
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

* The endpoint config option ``Conntrack`` was removed. The option was used
  to disable the stateful connection tracking for the endpoint. However, many
  Cilium features depend on the tracking. Therefore the option to disable

>   the connection tracking was removed. In addition, we deprecated
>   the ``disable-conntrack`` option and made it non-operational.

Reviewer: Maybe mention that we intend to remove it in v1.13?

```suggestion
  the connection tracking was removed.
* Related to the above, option ``disable-conntrack`` for the agent has been
  deprecated and made non-operational. It will be removed in version 1.13.
```
